{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset128 OpenSymbol;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\kerning1\b\f0\fs28 Synposis:\lang1033\b0\fs24\par
\lang9\fs22\tab You are a salvager, specializing in retrieving  objects of value and abandoned goods from high-risk wrecks, stations, and ruins. You got word last week of a freshly discovered ring of abandoned alien military stations - massive installations containing untold numbers of artifacts, alien technology, and powerful weapons. Even more valuable are the memory cores, stored deep in the depths of the stations, each one worth an entire fleet of merchant ships. Natrually, you loaded up your trusty salvage drone and set off to find your fortune!\lang1033\fs24\par
\lang9\b\fs28 Your Drone:\lang1033\b0\fs24\par
\lang9\fs22\tab Obviously, entering an abandoned alien station with completely incompatible life support systems which may or may not even be working is sucidal, to say nothing of the occasional abandoned defense systems or hostile alien infestations. Instead, you conduct your salvaging activities using your trusty salvage drone, controlled from the safety of your ship. The drone is armed with deadly weapons, armored, shielded, and capable picking up and storing items of interest. It has a modular design, allowing for swift modifications, and has an on-board AI which learns and develops in response to new situations.\lang1033\fs24\par
\lang9\b\fs22 Drone Vital Stats:\lang1033\b0\fs24\par
\lang9\fs22\tab Your drone is limited by the amount of \b\i power\b0\i0  it contains. The drone has an on-board generator which generates exactly enough to power its movement, comms, and sensors, but all other actions, including stowing salvage, recharging shields, firing energy weaponry, or utilizing modules carry a power cost. The drone may recharge its power stores by returning to the ship.\lang1033\fs24\par
\lang9\fs22\tab Your drone has three forms of hit points, \b\i shields\b0\i0 , \b\i armor\b0\i0 , and \b\i structure\b0\i0 . Shields cover the entire drone, and can be slowly recharged by utilizing the drone's energy stores. Armor and structure are divided into four or more sections (the four directional sections, front, left, right, and rear, plus extra sections, such as turrets) depending on the chasis, and can be repaired in the field by consumables, or when at your ship by spending scrap. Damage to structure contains the risk of destroying modules mounted in the respective structure area.\lang1033\fs24\par
\lang9\fs22\tab Your drone also has limited \b\i cargo space\b0\i0 . This determines how much stuff you can carry.\lang1033\fs24\par
\lang9\b\fs22\tab You lose contact with the drone when any of the following occurs:\lang1033\b0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1\kerning0\f1\'81\'45\tab\lang9\kerning1\f0\fs22 The communications array is destroyed - this causes the drone to automatically attempt to return to the ship on its own. It may, however, be destroyed completely while attempting to do so.\lang1033\fs24\par
\kerning0\f1\'81\'45\tab\lang9\kerning1\f0\fs22 The CPU is destroyed. This renders the drone unable to function, and counts as a death.\lang1033\fs24\par
\kerning0\f1\'81\'45\tab\lang9\kerning1\f0\fs22 The engine is destroyed. This renders the drone unable to function, and counts as a death.\lang1033\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\b\fs22 Structure Sections:\par
\tab\b0 The drone has four or more structure sections. All enemies have at least one or more structure sections, whose angles of exposure sum to 360. Structure sections with an exposure of 0 are considered to be always visible and open to attack (for example, a turret on top of a tank would have an exposure of 0).\par
\tab Structures have an armor and internal value, as well as a zero or more hardpoints and zero or more fixed module slots.\par
\tab When the section takes damage, the armor is reduced by the amount of damage dealt. If not armor is present, damage is transferred to the internal strucutre. Damage to the internal strucutre subtracts one internal structure slot per point, damaging any modules, hardpoints, or vital functions held in the hit slots. If the section is fully destroyed, all equipment mounted in the section is irrevocably destroyed and further damage to the section transfers \i directly to the internals\i0  of a random remaining section.\b\par
Drone Modules and Hardpoints:\lang1033\b0\fs24\par
\lang9\fs22\tab The drone chasis has a limited number of \b hardpoints\b0 . The hardpoints are divided into \b weapon hardpoints\b0  and \b module hardpoints\b0 . Weapon hardpoints come in three sizes \endash  small, medium, and large \endash  but you may mount any module in any module hardpoint.\lang1033\fs24\par
\lang9\fs22\tab Hardpoints are mounted in structure sections. If the structure takes damage, there is a chance that any mounted module may be destroyed. If the hardpoint is a weapon hardpoint, the weapon's field of fire is determined by the location of the hardpoint \endash  for example, weapons mounted on the front shoot forwards, weapons on the rear shoot to the rear, and weapons on the turret may fire in any direction.\lang1033\fs24\par
\lang9\fs22\tab Modules may be hot-swapped for a minor electronic scrap and power cost, but the drone cannot actually use a module unless it has been unlocked, as detailed below.\lang1033\fs24\par
\lang9\b\fs22 On-Board AI:\lang1033\b0\fs24\par
\lang9\fs22\tab The on-board AI takes the role of the traditional \ldblquote character.\rdblquote  It gains XP when exploring, salvaging, and destroying foes. Certain pieces of technology or military AI consoles can also boost the drone's XP. XP can be spent to either unlock new modules, or to improve the performance of already usable modules. There is no \ldblquote tree\rdblquote  but a module must be mounted before it can be unlocked.\lang1033\fs24\par
\lang9\b\fs28 Resources, The Ship and Fabrication:\lang1033\b0\fs24\par
\lang9\b\fs22 The Landing Zone:\lang1033\b0\fs24\par
\lang9\fs22\tab The landing zone is where your ship has docked with the station. It is a safe area, covered by your ship's weaponry, to which the drone can return to rearm, repair, refit, recharge, and store items.\lang1033\fs24\par
\lang9\b\fs22 The Ship Storage - Scrap and Power:\lang1033\b0\fs24\par
\lang9\b\fs22\tab\b0 There are three main resources \endash  metal scrap, electronic scrap, and power. These can be found in the station itself, and stored at the ship. Utilizing any of the ship's functions takes a combination of the three.\lang1033\fs24\par
\lang9\b\fs22 Fabrication:\lang1033\b0\fs24\par
\lang9\b\fs22\tab\b0 The ship may fabricate ammunition, consumables, and new weapons and modules. However, it requires a blueprint for the desired item, and fabrication costs a significant amount of power and scrap, depending on the item. The power cost for each fabrication contains a significant startup cost as well as the cost for the desired items, encouraging batching orders to minimize wasted power.\lang1033\fs24\par
\lang9\fs22\tab It is theoretically possible to manufacture a new drone if your drone is destroyed, but it is extremely costly and the new drone will start with a fresh AI.\lang1033\fs24\par
\lang9\b\fs28 The Station:\lang1033\b0\fs24\par
\lang9\b\fs22\tab\b0 The station is organized as a 2-dimensional grid of cells. Unexplored tiles are black; explored tiles are gray; visible tiles are illuminated. The camera is centered on your drone. There are two movement modes, depending on whether the drone detects possible threats or not \endash  exploration and combat.\lang1033\fs24\par
\lang9\b\fs22 Exploration Mode:\lang1033\b0\fs24\par
\lang9\fs22\tab Exploration mode is the simpler movement mode that functions much identically to the traditional roguelike \endash  your turn consists of moving or taking an action. Movement is cell-by-cell, with full diagonal movement, and taking an action (salvage, utilizing a consumable, dropping an item) ends the turn.\lang1033\fs24\par
\lang9\b\fs22\tab Possible Actions:\lang1033\b0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1\kerning0\f1\'81\'45\tab\lang9\kerning1\f0\fs22 Move in any of the 8 directions.\lang1033\fs24\par
\kerning0\f1\'81\'45\tab\lang9\kerning1\f0\fs22 Get an item on the floor.\lang1033\fs24\par
\kerning0\f1\'81\'45\tab\lang9\kerning1\f0\fs22 Drop an item on the floor.\lang1033\fs24\par
\kerning0\f1\'81\'45\tab\lang9\kerning1\f0\fs22 Use a consumable or module.\lang1033\fs24\par
\kerning0\f1\'81\'45\tab\lang9\kerning1\f0\fs22 Recharge shields (significant power cost).\lang1033\fs24\par
\kerning0\f1\'81\'45\tab\lang9\kerning1\f0\fs22 Field repair (significant power and scrap cost).\lang1033\fs24\par
\kerning0\f1\'81\'45\tab\lang9\kerning1\f0\fs22 Salvage from an object (includes hacking consoles).\lang1033\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\b\fs22 Combat Mode:\lang1033\b0\fs24\par
\lang9\fs22\tab The drone shifts into combat mode when a potential threat enters its sensor range, or when a threat enters the visible range. The drone may take many actions at once during combat, due to its amazing multitasking skills. Combat is resolved with all turns taking place simultaneously.\lang1033\fs24\par
\lang9\b\fs22\tab In a combat turn, the drone may do all of the following:\lang1033\b0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1\kerning0\f1\'81\'45\tab\lang9\kerning1\f0\fs22 Queue up a movement order whose total move cost does not exceed the movement points of the drone,\lang1033\fs24\par
\kerning0\f1\'81\'45\tab\lang9\kerning1\f0\fs22 Fire any weapons which have ammo/power and are not on cooldown,\lang1033\fs24\par
\kerning0\f1\'81\'45\tab\lang9\kerning1\f0\fs22 Use any module which has power and is not on cooldown,\lang1033\fs24\par
\kerning0\f1\'81\'45\tab\lang9\kerning1\f0\fs22 Pick up or drop an item on the drone's cell\lang1033\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\b\fs22 Combat Resolution:\lang1033\b0\fs24\par
\lang9\fs22\tab Once the order to the drone is given (and the AI has decided what to do), combat resolves as follows:\lang1033\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1\kerning0\f1\'81\'45\tab\lang9\kerning1\f0\fs22 Applied debuffs take effect.\lang1033\fs24\par
\kerning0\f1\'81\'45\tab\lang9\kerning1\f0\fs22 Module uses fire and buffs and debuffs are applied. (Debuffs take effect at the beginning of the \i next\i0  turn, but are applied on the turn they are used.)\lang1033\fs24\par
\kerning0\f1\'81\'45\tab\lang9\kerning1\f0\fs22 Applied buffs take effect.\lang1033\fs24\par
\kerning0\f1\'81\'45\tab\lang9\kerning1\f0\fs22 Weapons fire is resolved.\lang1033\fs24\par
\kerning0\f1\'81\'45\tab\lang9\kerning1\f0\fs22 Item manipulation is resolved.\lang1033\fs24\par
\kerning0\f1\'81\'45\tab\lang9\kerning1\f0\fs22 Movement is resolved. (In the case of two units moving onto the same cell, one unit is randomly bounced back to its previous cell and its full movement order does not resolve.)\lang1033\fs24\par
\kerning0\f1\'81\'45\tab\lang9\kerning1\f0\fs22 Buff and debuff duractions are decremented; expired buffs and debuffs are removed.\lang1033\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\fs22\tab Combat continues until there are no threats within the drone's sensor radius and line of sight (either by destruction of threats or by running away) or the drone is destroyed.\lang1033\fs24\par
}
 